docs: update webhook related instructions (#769)
devopness/devopness: docs/webhooks/create-outgoing-webhook.md

{% endnote %}

> 1. Take note of the `Deploy Pipeline ID` (`<pipeline_id>`) from the application which you want to watch the action statuses

Author: ```suggestion
1. Take note of the ID (`<pipeline_id>`) of a pipeline that runs the `deploy` operation for the application which you want to watch the action statuses
```

   - [Bitbucket](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/bitbucket/rest/api-group-pullrequests/#api-repositories-workspace-repo-slug-pullrequests-pull-request-id-comments-post)
   - [Github](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/issues/comments#create-an-issue-comment)
   - [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/notes.html#create-new-issue-note)

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create a outgoing webhook to comment on the Pull Request using the source provider where the application' source code is hosted, replacing `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create an outgoing webhook to comment on the Pull Request using the source provider where the application' source code is hosted. In the example below, replace `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>` with the actual values of each parameter before submitting the request.
```

        },
        "trigger_when": {
          "events": [
            "action.status_changed"
          ]
        }
      }'
    ```
    {% endraw %}

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, run command to list all the application hooks, replacing `<pipeline_id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, run command to list all the pipeline webhooks, replacing `<pipeline_id>`.
```
